Hello everyone! Virtual Gamer–
Just kidding~
*haha*
Hello everyone! Virtual Youtuber Kizuna AI here!
I did it!
*Ehehe*
*Hmhm*
That was too much...
That wasn't right, huh?
Alright!
And so
Umm... today we will be playing the rumored...
What was it?
Pot
The pot
Today’s stream will be this!
"Don!"
Getting Over It
I know what you all want to say...
Especially,
"You're out of ideas"
"Don't you have any pride?"
Shut up!
I'll accept your criticism
It's true that everyone on Earth has played this game
...is what you may be thinking
But!
I have strategically timed this stream!
I just wanted to play too~!
Okay?
Pretty much
You guys are probably sick of this but
Oh! He's sliding down!
Oh, hang on
Good luck mister!
Oh he was hovering above it?
Like this...
Like this
To hover...
But yeah!
What was I saying again?
Ah
Just as you all were thinking,
"I wonder if she played this?"
I'll be taking that opportunity~
Alright!
And so
It's good if I rotate it around like this, right?
Here we go~
This is- Oh, like this
Woah, just a little...
Before I started streaming
I tried this game out a little bit
And it's pretty difficult, huh?
In the beginning, for example...
You'll get sent back... if you fall
You come sliding back
That's no good...
Like this
Huh?
Like this!
AAH!
Wait a second...
I was doing so well before I started streaming!
This tree is...
Like this, with the tree...
Can't we just cut it down?
Can't we have it cut down?
Into lumber
"Ussha~"
Here we go!
How was I able to do it earlier?
Do this... and this, then...
Ah
I'm so close
With this, I...
Do this...
With this...
With this
Like this
This...
Like
Like *haha*
Like this!
Like this
I have to do this
Like
This
Umm
*haha*
*gasp*
Aaah!
Do this like...THIS!!
YEAH!
I'm a genius
*haha*
Next is
AAAH!
Here! Oh, that was good
Am I a genius or what?
Here we go!
Awesome
AAAH!
Here we go
I pretty much can't read comments today, seriously...
I'm going to do my best
To see how far I can get in 30 minutes
Here we go!
"Hai"
AAH!
"Waaah!"
"Hai"
"Ha"
Hmm?
Do this and
AH! Really?!
(babbling)
This is... wait
It's really unruly, huh?
This... is really relaxing
"HAISHO!"
"Uhu"
Ah! I thought I had gotten hold of it~
Like this
And this
Like
This
And
Like this
And this!
Like this!
This!
Like this
And this
LIKE- NOO!!
"...hikin"
"Uhu"
Use this
And do this
Like this
(frustration)
"ZZAISHO"
AAAH!
WAIT A SECOND!
This is irritating
C'mon
"Ueeeaaaah!"
Oh, that's good
Can you move a little more...
Ah? It's not holding on?
"Puruun~"
"Ushhhh ah-ah-ah!"
Ah, this is irritating
Irritating
"Uisho! Oi! Ah!"
Oh! Yeah, yeah, yeah...
That's good. That's good
Ah! Wait! Why are you falling down?!
This is hard~
"HOOOO HA!"
Ah!
Damnit
Why? Why~?
"Mm buu"
(grunting)
Here!
What? Why did you bump into it?!
"Aaah"
Alright
Do this
Like this
And
Ah! Yeah!
That's good!
Next
Wait. Wait
...over here a bit
And
Like- "uh"
Like
AAAAH!
*gasp*
REALLY?!
"Uhu uhu"
*gasp*
Ah, here we go. Here we go
Here we go!
Ah!
Alright! That's good
That's good. That’s good
"Usshya"
Ah
Today's livestream is...
just...
I've got this!
YES! YES!
*haha*
I'm just
AAAH WAIT!
This video, no, livestream is just for fun, so...
"Uoooo"
Everyone...
Please bear with me. Livestreams like this
are good sometimes too, right?
Right, Mr. Pot?
Ah, pft.
Mr. Pot~
Mr. Pot
"Usho usho"
"Usho"
This area
is peaceful looking
Oi! Wait! Wait! Wait! Mr. Pot!
Wait, why is he in a pot?
Did he lose a bet?
Ah! Just a bit more!
"Uisho"
"Uhu"
"HAI"
Alright! Ah
It's from here, huh?
"Yo"
Ah! Good!
AAAAH!! Wait!
Wait, wait. Seriously, give me a break
"HAI"
"Hai, MAAAA!!!"
(Ma = What/Seriously?)
Come on! Come on!
Yes! That's goooooooood?
Look!
I did it!
This is
"Ah uu"
Ah! Wait! Please don't fall!
Stop! Stop!
Stoppit!
Here we go!
WAIT! SERIOUSLY!
(grunting)
Yes!
Next is?
"To!"
Stahp!
(babbling)
Don't fall!
DON'T FALL!
PLEASE DON'T FALL!
"HOISHO"
Ah! I'm doing it!
Good! Good!
But what do I do here?
Wat?
What do I do?
"Eh"
I can't reach
"Nn"
AAAH! Come on
Like this!
Ah!
Yes!
That's good. That's good. That's good
Yes! Yes! Yes!
C'mon!
AAAAH!
PLEASE NO! PLEASE NO!
Don't fall!
Climb like you're about to die!
*aha*
Aaaaaah!
(sobbing)
"A-ha"
AAAAAH!
No! I'm sorry!
I don't want to fall
Yeah!
C'mon!
OOOOOOOOOOO!!!
*gasp*
Ah! C'mon
Ah!
This is tiring
I can't do this~
(sobbing)
Aaah!
Aaaaah!
Let's go!
OH?
THIS
IDIOT
You moron!
You're such an idiot!
"Gwaha"
(sobbing)
Wait!
Stop! Don't fall!
Please don't fall any further!
Alright, okay
Deep breaths
"Iiiiii~"
*gasp*
Ah...
Hah...
Alright
3...2...1...
GO!
Ah, nope
"Hoi"
You can do this AI-chan!
You can do this!
"U u u"
"Oh ohoho"
I'm a bit stuck...
Ah, I got it! I can do it!
"Ussho"
I have returned!
I'm alive!
Ah!
*gasp*
Aaaaa! I don't want to die!
Come on!
Ah! I've just got to get past this part!
Go!
Keep going! Come on!
Go! Please! PLEASE!
Go!
Please go! Don't fall!
(babbling)
Oooh
Hah...
Alright, let's take a break here
Ah...
Hah...
Ahaha...
Aaaah!
I'm tired
So tired...
Even though A.I. don't get tired
I'm tired...
Let's keep going
This, what am I supposed to do here?
Wait, wait. Please don't fall. C'mon
PLEASE NO!
"Uissho"
Huh?
That doesn't work
What do I do from here?
I can do this?
Slowly. Drop down...
Then
I have to move the hammer down here, right?
Like this
WAAAAAIT!!!
Are you serious?!
Tell me you're joking!
AAAH!
(babbling)
Ah!
With your mind's eye...
Oh
Oh!
Catch it!
Come on!
Please
I've got this, I've got this, I've got this
*haha*
There! Uh? What?
How do I do that really good
jumping motion from before?
Alright!
"Uuu?"
I'll do this...
And this...
Go!
Ah!
This is really hard!
"Osshya"
Things are going well
Ah, this doesn't work
I have to do it from-
AAAAH!
-over here
Come on!
I give up
Ah
Wait a second
Just climb this bit
Just this little bit
"Aesshyo"
AAAAH! Wait! Come on, seriously?
Up!
Let's rest... up here
Ah...
Hah...
Umm...
Everyone!
Lovely weather we're having
My name is Kizuna AI
I
I'll continue in... ten minutes
Ugh
I'm tired
[ Put the hammer below you and push off ]
Push off? How do I do that?
"Unn"
Push off the ground?
Ah!
Like this!
Push off the ground?
What does that mean?
Hover over the hammer and... push off?
I can't do it?
Oh?
Hmm?
He's saying "Uuu"
"Uisshyo"
AH!
(babbling)
Eh?! Eh?!
Give me a damn break!
This guy!
Arg
No!
This isn't right! *haha*
(grunting)
"Bu, bueee"
Ah?
How do I do this?
This
Here
AAAAAH!
Ah, seriously? Come on
You're just making fun of me now~
Hah...
Clearly
It's all Mr. Pot's fault
Yep
Ah~
How is everyone?
How are you?
I am...
Not... doing well
Yep
Um...
Everyone...
How are you doing?
Let's see here...
[ You can do it AI-chan! ]
Thank you
I'm full of determination!
I wonder how much further there is to go...
This is a 24-hour marathon
Let's go!
Just kidding
I couldn't do this for 24 hours
No~
Please
Aah, nice one, man
Aah! Hey!
Keep trying Mr. Pot!
Let's do this and
Like this!
Oh. Like this?
Do this
And this
Here
Ah!
I feel like I'm supposed to use this
Ah, nope
Do this?
Do this and
Like this
There
How do I jump?
Like this?
And this!
That's the opposite of what I'm trying to do!
[ Do your best AI-chan. I hope you're doing well! ]
Thank you!
I'm doing great!
"Usshyo"
This isn't good
Um...
I wanted to keep going at that pace
NOOOOO!
"Hai"
"Hoi"
"Hoizo!"
Ah!
"Hoizo"
(grunting)
Just climb up old man!
Look
Do this
Like this!
Come on!
Come on~!
You suck at climbing!
Here
Like this
Hang on. I need to...
"MAAAAAAAA!!!"
Ah~ are you kidding me?
Seriously
Go!
Oh–
Use this and
Do this
Here!
Oh!
Oh
Oh–
AAAAH!
Why did you let go?!
Why did you let go?! You stupid old man!
"Hoi!"
Ah
"Hoi"
And then
"Hoi!"
Ah!
NOOO! NO! NO!
"Eueueue"
Come on old man!
Oh! That’s good!
Good job man
AAAAH!
It's over... It's over...
It's over...
I'm finished
It's started playing sad music
Calmly...
"HAI"
Ah.
Mr. Pot
Like this...
Spin it around
Like a fan
Yes. You are a fan
Fans can fly!
They can't? Oh.
Fans can...
Fly?
Calm down and...
With the heart of Buddha...
Do not waver!
Here we go
Nope
I wonder if I should move this way a little bit
Come over here
Then...
Show me how cool you are!
AAAAAH!
Let's practice jumping down here. How do I do this?
I do this, right?
Hmm? How? How?
How am I supposed to jump with this?
I can't jump very well...
I can't fall in love
(unTL-able joke)
"Nn"
Wait, let's calm down
I can't do it without calm nerves
"Hai!"
3...2...1...
Ah.
I can't reach it~!
Oh!
AAH!
That's good!
You can do it old man
What do I do here?
Maybe if I do it a bit more forcefully
Ah!
Nah
Nope
Old man
Do this here and...?
AAAAH!
I want to push off from here
Like this
Here
Aah! Wait!
That almost worked, right?!
Ah! Old man! Just now...
That was so close, dumbass~
With this...
"Nnnn bu"
Do this...
Here!
"Ah– oueih"
Ooooh, I was flying!
I was flying just now, huh?
Ah! Finally–
Aaah! Wait, stop!
Stop, stop~
"Uissho"
Finally!
I managed to dance my way over here
"Osshaa!"
That's good!
I finally made it back here~
"Ah"
"Haa~"
This is one of those "never-night
ending-mare" situations…
(TL: Unsure why she pronounced it this way)
You're not very easy to control, old man
Like this...
Let's sit down here...
No, Mr. Pot~
How do I do this?
Aaah! Stop, y-you–
You're seriously–
AAAAH!
Really
Fuck
Ugh
C'mon
WHY~?
Here we go!
"Aissho"
AAAAH!
I can't take this anymore
I want to sleep
Can't I be done?
I've had enough
Ah, I'm tired...
Ah~
Hah...
What we need in the middle of the night is–
Cute girls, huh?
Ah~
Alright!
Umm...
I'm tired, so–
I'm going to–
Read comments, okay?
And communicate with you guys!
Until my energy comes back
Let's see...
Exactlya
I'm done with this old man
You guys–
Ah, but this guy has...
A pretty good body, though
So you don't become like this useless old man...
And old people watching:
Everyday– Ah.
Do your best!
This really isn't working
How much map is there?
"Hoissho"
"Ah-ah~"
Y'know, this game is frustrating, but–
It's pretty addictive
Do this...
Like this..
And
C'mon...
There!
Come on
"Uweeh"
"Uweeh" (up)
Do this...
And
This
Umm
Like–
AAAH! This sucks!
"Heeh"
I say no, but I'm still playing
"Haaa~"
Did I say I was going to read comments?
Ah!
That's enough
I'm really done
Ramp? What ramp?
This is only the beginning?
"Ma~"
"Ma?"
This is... I really feel like I can do this, somehow
But
This–
A good way of jumping–
AAAAH! Come on
Wai– WHY ARE YOU FLYING OFF THE OTHER WAY?!
I GIVE UP! Seriously
I want to get better though...
I'm not very good, after all
"Haa?"
"Sayonara bai bai"
It's time for me
And him
To part
Pikachu, yes
"Naah~"
What do you mean, "Push off the ground with the hammer"?
"Tsui"
Like this?
Here?
Um–
What do you mean?
I can't spring up off the ground...
I can't do it
"Pyooon~ tte"
Ah, I can jump?
Hmm?
What do you mean?
Use this to–
Here!
Hmm?
Like this
Here
And–
Here!
Ah! I jumped!
I did it!
I went up!
Didn't I~?
Here!
Ah! I did it! This is what you meant...
Why didn't you say so sooner~
(they did)
Here!
Ah, look
I can do it
Let's continue!
I'm able to jump now, so let's continue
Like this–
Ah!
Dammit
Yeah~
Next?
Don't mess with me!
NOO–
J-j-just a little...
"Choi choi choi!"
Ah sorry–
Ah, old man! Old man!
Stahp
"Tei"
Huh?
Nope
Like this
And...
There!
Huh?
Use this
Like this
There!
AAAH!
(grunting)
I can't do it
Use this
Like this
And
Here!
(grunting)
You can do it, old man
Come on
Like this–
AAAH! Waaait~
(sobbing)
Jump!
Jump old man, jump!
Jump high!
And climb~!
Just a bit more...
AAAAH YOU–
I need the right degree of–
Old man...
Umm, this–
I already thought so, but–
I'm–
I'm very angry at this guy, but
I'm dealing with it
In other words
What this game is trying to teach is–
Pretty much–
How to recover from failure
But basically
I'm useless
And a terrible person
There's no way that's true!
Stahp
AHHH THAT'S THE OPPOSITE WAY!
You fucking idiot! Seriously!
Nooooo... (sobs)
Give me a break!!
Dumbass~!
That's enough
I've had enough
I want to eat
This is enough
I'm hungry
"Haa~"
Aaaaaaah!
And for me to notice that
As expected of a "super AI" like me
This is really tiring
No more~
"Ah"
*haha*
"Ah~"
Ahh, that's enough
No more
I'm disappearing from the screen
"Baa!"
Alright!
Umm
Just–
I'm super irritated, so...
Everyone
What has made you happy today?
I'd love to hear what you thought was fun or made you happy. Compliments, even
From today
Tell me what has made you happy today
Tell me
Let see everyone's–
Happy thing from today
As for me
Today
I'm broadcasting this, so...
I guess being able to broadcast this, unedited
With all of you
Let's communicate
And get irritated together
"Haaa paramai"
"Paramai"
Plus...
"Ton!"
(hammer noise)
That's enough!
No more!
I'm done.
I'm done playing this!
Ahhh–
[ Happy that exams are over ]
Oh!
Oh yeah!
It's already March, huh?
It's almost the middle of the month
I see, I see!
Good work to you, exam-students!
[ Someone extorted money from me ]
(lolwut?)
That's no good. Let's go steal it back~!
I want to make a video about that
Already
Even if it's late
I want to make one, just because
I want to make one, I want to make one~
Should I make it into a video?
"Hello from–" Ah, the comment
"Hello from"
"A-ra-kan..."
"Arukansasu?"
(Arkansas)
"AI-chan is besto!"
Thank you!
"I'm happy I got to see your stream today!"
Ah, thank you!
Don't worry about it, don't mention it~
Don't mention it
♪ Dooon't mention iiit ♪
Let's see~
Um
"That I'm subscribed to you!"
Ah, thank you!
Hmm~
What has made you happy today, everyone?
Let's see
"Tax returns!"
I see~
That's really hard, huh?
Filing taxes *haha*
It's like, "Filing taxes, AAAAH!"
Tax reports, huh?
Yep
"A wedding"!
That's great!
Weddings are lovely!
"Papapapan-tte"
(imitating wedding music)
"Papapapan~"
Ah!
You watched the Jagariko Challenge? Was it interesting?
(very weird Japanese meme)
Hey, hey.
What would you guys think about a Kizuna AI Challenge? Raise your hands!
(lost in TL)
Anyone?
From America? Oh! Thank you!
"AI-chan I love you!"
Thank you
I love you all too!
(friendzoned)
"Good evening"
Let's see here
Ah
Bouquet toss!
That, uh, that–
Everybody's all dressed up and
It's like, "I WILL GET MARRIED NEXT!!! YEAH!!!"
Right?
"I got some anime merch!"
Getting merchandise from your favorite
stuff is great, isn't it?
What made you happy today?
"Hello hello hello!"
"Hello~"
Let's see
"I woke up this morning."
Um, yeah!
It's bit of an everyday thing, but still!
Right?
Knowing that you are alive– in this moment –is important!
Happiness, yeah
You successfully asked someone out?!
Oooooh!
Eh?
Everyone–
How, how–
How do you ask people out?
Eh?
Call them over?
Or write a letter...
Or call them on LINE
But that might be–
I wonder if stuff like email and LINE...
Is too simple?
But it still gets your heart racing, right?
Eh?
What's it called...
Like, "Hi!"
"Actually..."
"It's been bothering me for a while now, but..."
Ah, but that is–
Wait, wait! The ones that really sound like
they work are those ones right?
Where you're already a little bit close
And you start talking, and you're like "So I like this person..."
"Hmm? Who is it?"
And you're like, "It's a secret~"
And they're like, "Hm? Is it someone I know?"
And you're like, "Yeah, you know them"
Right?
Like
And they're like, "Come on, tell me~"
Then!
You're like, "It's actually..."
"I like you, so-and-so"
Ahaha~!
Ha
Confessing like that is the meaning of youth!
I'm talking like an old man!
Am I okay with this?
"I'm happy that I got to see your livestream today!"
Oh! Thank you!
It's like, "Actually..."
"I've liked you for a while now"
Hmm~
Hmm, okay
Just because...
Today's closing statement is:
"Actually..."
"I..."
"Like you!"
Ha! As if~!
Alright! This was Virtual Youtuber, Kizuna AI!
See you next time~ <3
We need more translators!
Join the Discord for more AI-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by S0RA
Timing by Loserbait